hey bro how you doing good thank you
what's going on today yep yeah nice nice
and clean a lot cleaner than we've
pulled it out of storage we definitely
put in our manual labor to spit and
shine her up I was almost like a Marine
punishment on a little sponge to dress
had a little toothbrush yeah you're
relegated to the toothbrush yeah I did a
good job Syria was helping us out
earlier on - she was lovely Syria we've
got the interior done a lot of the
interior done for us so that's very nice
of course we've got to put in our
cushions for our deburr that has to be
done and just tuck everything away but
it is the beginning of the year and we
are on some lawrence seaway
this is Valley feel the Salaberry
connects wall connects way to the Great
Lakes of course and Great Lakes through
a number of locks and go around the
Rideau towards Ottawa number of blocks
trans Severn of course and that go up to
Quebec you can point to the maritime of
course food cellar it's way it just done
a great body of water to be on there's
no question about it
but we get off your phone and show you
here the back of the deck here globby
did a fabulous job working on that this
uh this winter there's a little bit of
work where we had some of the varnish
flaking off of course being a wood boat
there's always work to do every year but
you know beyond the restoration that we
did last year and not asset restoration
it was a you know 200 hour process but
we've got that done and enjoyed her last
summer of course and we put in about 20
hours beginning of this year just just
to make sure that everything is properly
sealed and you know paint is uh properly
taken care of when we painted it
interlocks Blue Lagoon is a color so
that's a color available from interlocks
it's a beautiful paint it finishes very
shiny of course and our decks are still
covered with the original material
called Model X and that produces kind of
like a soft scrub Abul skin like over
over the deck because is very very nice
and this is this boat is propelled by
to 327 chris-craft motors produced by GM
they were actually Corvette motors and
I'll be showing videos of her up on
plane the summer
I'll show videos of the engine
compartment cetera cetera beautiful boat
though and Apple deck space for a large
amount of people of course and then the
back deck is also very much a highlight
in this boat which I'm just going to
back the camera up here I don't think
you can get a depth perspective but
quite large almost like that okay over
and out thanks for watching